Wow can I talk am I so bad at talking
why this inept shit you find him sitting
on a blankets by the sewer gates you
can't tell whether he's a Gobbo a humo
or a Manomet pile of greasy rags a few
wilted daisies and duckweed tied with
rope and flopped on the ground around
him mark
Malick lips calls to the creature arms
outstretched why why not some friend
the greasy Goblin man raises a hand to
stop the bards prattle tentacled first
you know that elk lips looks at you
expectantly fine I'll clip steps
forwards as Merc counts the coins rattle
cold beat the bard looks furtively round
before wave quickly waving at his
shoulder not require help in removing a
certain Irish mark considers Mel clips
for a while that kind of information
cowboy that a few coins use splutter
indignantly a lot of choir tests of
skill from him he turns and points at
you pick a flower and eat it the greasy
florist displays his meager where's Mel
eclipse nods as if this were a faint
request well
I feel like these are badge does this my
pen bad I don't even know anything about
flowers can you eat daisies I feel like
Daisy might not be a good idea I do like
the color purple that's a good call
you're right the flower is a crispy
burnt texture Oh fucking shit is gonna
suck
[Music]
fuck these dice are weighted man come on
you feel an intense wave of heat emanate
from your stomach to your neck and you
collapse to the floor you wake up to
Malik lips splashing with water
America's left and you see him
attempting to steal a seed bun from the
Baker's stall
welcome back Legion try again so pretty
much lost ten gold for nothing do
britain flowers commerce thrives in even
the most unusual of locations I can use
food actually maybe now we're out there
and I think we're fine our kind of
equipment again it's merchants ring
reveal shops at the start of each new
map
[Music]
is it worth eight though I see
and what actually let's sell equipment
nevermind
how much is food here okay
[Music]
it's just in case we'll buy Oh buy some
more food
just in case I don't know if it goes in
if it advances more you know
[Music]
oh shit this shit changed
oh man what about dope well I can't
actually get this if I wanted to I just
have to sell my weapon
[Music]
I kind of want to know
is it worth it probably not
do I want it though yes it's not worth
it it's not let's just the signal we got
we're fine we're fine a fighter will get
that stuff another time here we begin to
see one of the small ways I've changed
the game each challenge differs both in
their rules and their objectives given
those cards which were once the stairs
now very per challenge as you will see
interesting ok fair enough
the West one tower bell chimes
feverishly the town crier bellows
there's corrupting inside the town they
broke through the sewers and into the
Lewis name blouse Lane
I don't know how to say that name huh
three soldiers have gone down there to
sort out you arrived to find west winds
few remaining soldiers huddled at the
entrance to its poorest area the low
Lois Lane
we cannot let the corruption spread for
the good of time we must dispose of
anyone who has been tainted even a
little okay you join in the fight
against the corrupt
so I also got two recruits I don't know
if they join me or not I'm not too sure
how this works yet we'll see that's my
wait
oh shit I think they do
oh it's just not telling me about my
cardinal blade for some reason okay well
yeah that's that's it
therefore violence in every major
direction okay fair enough
[Music]
good
with the corrupted threats remove given
charred thoughthey soldiers survived Tay
the town's defense I have six soldiers
recruited now I'm curious to see what
those mean
the soldiers help you scavenge what you
can from the remains of the parcels
taken by the corruption
I get to choose I mean y'all take this I
guess I'm not gonna use it I don't think
good thing I did buy that food though
nice let's go this way no no sir again
I'm buy more food while I'm here
buy his food
actually wait first will sell equipment
take my baby ants I don't eat it thanks
man kind of clover do you have a turd
help
I will buy that as well yes well that
may help you on the road ahead
probably and I will buy food they
pretend it's you goal now friggin you
know make sure it's equipped it's okay
we're good
I didn't already have that equipped or
like if I had like got another one
already that would be embarrassing
I did
I think no I don't know I didn't know I
didn't know it I was told don't worry
we're fine
we're not buying the eggs again Ratana
mmus the autonomous I said here already
but I'm singing to get thanks in my day
thieves kept their distance none would
pick pocketer mage for fear of failure
or worse success oh the market bazaar is
a hive of activity traders from across
the lands call out to passerby to sell
their wares as the Sun beats down on the
crowded street you pause briefly to draw
water from a fountain you feel something
tug on the inside of your tunic Joni
quickly discover a pickpocket making off
with some of your belongings well good
thing Indus like to spend all my gold
that's fine you jump to your feet and
catch a glimpse of the thief as you they
leave with a crowd
okay well I have one very very small
chance of getting this the Deb's
announced that really say yes it comes
down the seventh fuck
I have missed every single card pic so
far in this game
and each time I've always had a 104
chance right I'm sorry
nothing sorry a 3 of 4 shot again iam so
it is 75% chance of getting each time
this time I have a 25% chance
[Music]
I'm gonna go with four oh my god I got
it I I don't understand okay I have like
no luck on the easy one and then block
on the heart I don't get it I don't
fucking get it dude
whatever the thief is nimble but you
managed to gain on them as they
negotiate the crowd with the thief
almost at arm's reach they knock over a
barrel of apples in an attempt to hinder
you oh fuck oh now come on
I think it's too
[Music]
I'm gonna try to decide she's gone three
this should've gone with the Apple rolls
across the crown in front of you and you
lose your political in squalor in your
back it gets away and you lose
everything it does suck opportunity
journey your journey through a forest is
interrupted by an inquisitive child are
you searching for the fairest well my
uncle says that they used to want these
what's giving out gifts I want to find
one and ask for a lemon cake as they -
off the pier under of nearby log the
child shouts back remember if you make
the forest folk hit me a lemon cake in
the other direction an eerie song hangs
in the air you attempt to find its
origin so I felt this first ladder for
more than mere success in guys this time
we got it this time we're only gonna
pick four from now on or just seems to
be the safest bet you follow the song
through the thicket and stream until you
find an open Glade bathed in golden
sunlight you find an aged made her
posture bends like the boughs of a
forest
it has been 12 winters since I had a
visitor her voice is a whisper yet it
thunders in your ears so she's got a lot
of place you may visit me when you are
in need adventure this is yours now even
if you lose the challenge you have
earned this token Angela ver works now
your chance presents itself at last
stand in the defense of the peasantry
what noble traits you display already
but southwest wind town oh it's a large
bell tower it used a single but it used
to signal the day's end for workers in
the mines and surrounding fields but now
it will summon west winds defenders you
wish to some of the soldiers you have
recruited let's search for more recruits
you retreat from the tab bell tower and
west wind and search for more recruits
ok that's what those soldiers are for
just think they got themselves into this
mess I don't see fry them should get
them out alright you really seconds me
that no alright some days I'm really not
terrible like a normal fuck
then there's days like this where I
can't read anything it's the worst I
from the frozen darkness of the far
north they come northerners can perform
a combo attack user posts with
single-handed weapons the deal extra
damage immediately after you'd have bent
shambo's our post again was it just bash
I don't know high frames that did keep
going
Oh God
nice hits well I don't really do very
hot that's okay Thank You Barney to have
a read on figure eight better I would
lose
give me my soldiers
well the northerners dead you free the
soldiers and gain two recruits nice they
placed themselves in these dire
positions and then expect a hero to come
rescue them when things become too much
while patrolling the outskirts of West
when you hear the clash of steel and the
unmistakable grown over the corrupted
being fair your investors see I fucked
up again your investigation leads you to
a distress no woman perched on the roof
of his carriage thank the gods I was 8
in 2d with a Duke Gilbert
when we were ambushed my footman left me
here to fight them off but the brawlers
not as fast into the forest the noble
appears fearfully at the treeline if you
say him protect me I can I can pay you
I'm sorry I need to get soldiers you
rush into the forest and quickly
encounter squad of Empire soldiers
battling the corruptive that's what I'm
here for to get peace
Perris we're like ray learns how to read
be fuckable wish
hey it's showing you my shield now i
guess that as a hard limit of only being
able to do one of these little
animations to show new things for its
first time per battle and it's always
has something to show each time so it's
just like trying to get it to everything
yeah all right cool holy shit a lot of
bad dudes don't die friends thank God
zombi things nice job okay
there is blood I was wondering if there
wasn't any blood cuz I don't see blood
there when do you think there would be
some sweet blood
my hero
thank you
[Music]
what although the corrupted have been
vanquished no Empire soldiers remain the
wait did they all die ah man you
returned to the road and find only the
wreckage of the nobles carriage you had
bank Wise Ones did they die I'm always
true those who feed you with respect
even I stand by this rule and I have
respect for you that's true I agree with
this you chanced upon a wooden craft
cartons oh my god come on you fuck
wooden cart overflowing with pears pies
and many items otherwise a wonderful
smell
Melik lips shakes his head oral gesture
this why should never pay Stosh by the
wiles of women God's life they'll break
your heart maybe Shanshan left our
little business since the old farmer
Hawks as where is the passerby Todd
spies and exotic fruits oh I'm poor
sorry
another chance to redeem yourself
alright let's see how you handle it this
time let's do it
as night cloaks west wind you can sense
the corruption rising from the shadows
all around you you survey any soldiers
you've managed to recruit you have
gathered a large group of soldiers to
defend that down here soaping you won't
need any more you must survive till
morning when Imperial reinforcements
will arrive give a Rezac speech now fuck
fuck fuck you know what I'm straw
pulling this one I'm just gonna do it
I'm gonna straw pull this one that's
what we're gonna do today we're gonna
straw pull it this is this is actually
serious one this is seriously this is
serious
one two three
we're just gonna shuffle we're just
gonna do it just before you do there's
gonna be no fucking question Oh what is
this go on
oh do you thing do you shit I don't give
a fuck just go ahead this is bullshit
it's fucking bullshit make shame falling
on champu if you think me God I'm for
the same title dingus fuck
and now bullshit man with his burn check
because then it's not my fault fulfill
legendary clouds cause the soup yeah you
fucking right man all right looks like
two is got the wind so far I think she's
gonna be it Brian
he cry thanks for the laughs and we
watched it for four years even lamenting
crew got me through some tough times
though elapsed let me know very much
Brian all right I think we've broke it
because it's literally at a standstill
it's literally broken stuck interesting
okay
okay - it is
can't even read something how you gonna
do a speech freestyle don't you worry
for one to one you silly
[Music]
you're rousing speech imbues the
soldiers with confidence sincere allied
Empire deal more damage
come brethren we will beat them with our
weapons and such we will kill them with
weapons and such terror of West web as
the final vestiges of humanity our race
at the Terra wakes use bash to pick the
terrace corrupted our undefeated finish
have before regenerates charge get a boy
boy
[Music]
I resumed doing anything they don't want
to get away that's sweet 101
a mighty creature of chaos felled by
your power does it satisfy you this
bloodshed marrying those you destroy
ever once simple peasants going about
their day dickface ass cry Makayla laws
preparing for a game jam and had to stop
it to give some well-deserved love oh
shit hope you doing a great fucking time
Zoe game jams shit you very much forgot
this is for you you voice actress you
check that
[Music]
praise our reinforcements what a town
already saved the magician returns to
the deck but now we only begin our
stories of fate and folly and magic do
not think I'm satisfied with this but at
least we have a place to begin yo so
these medallions it pretty much like
blue boxes just same but they're not
I'm the last hope you say the lost boy
he'll look very timid very scared if we
found the forest folks so we have the
old Maiden
she's very old she is a maiden though
she said we could chill at her pad some
[Music]
as you play you will find more options
open to you oh my should you find
yourself blocked or overly challenged
take the time to explore the ball
unlucky cards will give you options you
have not yet note breathe from the
diaphragm and you'll be even more kawaii
thanks granny twills
Nagila los shit I'm really bad at
breathing from the diaphragm oh fuck
let's see
I can't do it I was so bad if anything
from the diaphragm I could never do it
dude
thank you killer and so you came to him
everything all right let's see you let's
uh let's see the Emperor listening for
holy crap he looks like a dork all right
what do we get
let's always get the ones of them in
little medals of them we got them all
let's get the new ones of course that we
don't know we'll get all the ones that
are question marks still because we
don't know what they are
well we never finished that oh wait
miss these
yeah we know all these other ones but
I'm wrestling's great deep-water get
equipment from this this one will give
us a lot of money well we get them okay
so let's first see your ruby ring what
is this - we don't know don't know this
is good
winners Bane I remember the winners
before the first game actually it was
really good oh wait if everything and
we're good
sweet physica saving of these phones I
place before you these rules I do not
know truly if they will train you for
the challenges that Callos would place
in your way everything is gonna be
pretty hard
of course we know how this part of the
story ends the emperor is merely the
face on the throne behind him the
usurper
pulls the strings the one who sits upon
the throne of life and death has a great
influence upon the world their very soul
permeates the lands and fills the hearts
of the people